# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
blis==1.2.0
    # via thinc
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   flask
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.21.0
    # via weasel
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via opentelemetry-api
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
en-core-web-sm @ https://github.com/explosion/spacy-models/releases/download/en_core_web_sm-3.8.0/en_core_web_sm-3.8.0-py3-none-any.whl
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
flask==3.1.0
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.84.0
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.1
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.30.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.20.2
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-logging==3.11.4
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
html2text==2024.2.26
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via opentelemetry-api
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   spacy
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
murmurhash==1.0.12
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   blis
    #   pandas
    #   rank-bm25
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
openai==1.66.3
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
opentelemetry-api==1.31.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   confection
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   openai
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   spacy
    #   tiktoken
    #   weasel
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.15.2
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
setuptools==76.0.0
    # via
    #   marisa-trie
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
shapely==2.0.7
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via weasel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.8.4
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
thinc==8.3.4
    # via spacy
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via edgar-funcs (pyproject.toml)
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   openai
    #   spacy
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typer
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   smart-open
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
